The sprint review is focused on improving the process that created the product,
and only the development team attends, not the product owner.
Now,
here are the topics or agenda items that should be
discussed in your sprint review.
Review velocity trends.
How are we doing?
Is the velocity increasing?
Well, we hope so, but it could also be decreasing, sure.
Either way, discuss why you think the trend is what it is.
Review committed verses completed features.
In other words,
review what your sprint goal was and how much of that was completed.
Who knows?
You may even have finished even more than the original commitment amount.
If so, understand why.
Always have a burnup or down charts available.
In our example in the previous section,
we missed our goal by about 12 story points.
Review the build process.
Did the build process work for the team?
Any improvements to be made?
Also, tally and discuss the defects found and fixed.
Are the defects found normal and reasonable?
Come to a consensus.
Tally and discuss the defects remaining.
Is it an unusually large number?
Understand why and what you can do to prevent it in the future.
Track metrics for process improvements.
For example, if the defects remaining keep rising,
then maybe you need more automated testing or maybe even
better regression testing as examples.
Lastly, create a sprint review checklist that can easily be used for each review.
Basically, the checklist will act as your agenda for the review meeting.
Take good notes, and apply your lessons learned in the very next sprint.
Okay, let's face it,
the customer is by far more interested in the demo than the review.
Typically, they are focused on what was done and not so much on how you did it.
The how is what the review is all about.
Also, these items discussed are more quantitative.
In the retrospective, they are more qualitative. Let's check that out.